this is a steam greenlight trailer for
dropout it is a fairly unassuming
bog-standard first person horror game
made with unity on Steam there's not
enough of those there really isn't
enough of those but what makes this one
at least this trailer fairly remarkable
comes up in a moment I actually didn't
believe my ears when I heard it there we
go don't know if you recognize that
music but it's not original it's it's
not certainly not owned by the people
who may drop out that is of course
promise from Silent Hill 2 that that was
shocking to me I actually had to check
the rest of my computer to make sure
that something wasn't playing so yeah
now I'm not against using licensed music
I'm all for copyright laws being lacks I
actually use some video game music as
backdrops to a couple of my videos you
know I often use something from deadly
premonition or dynasty warriors on my
Konami episode recently I actually used
a Silent Hill track as a reference you
know and I think when you're actually
putting it in a trailer for your horror
game something tells me that I don't
think that Konami at all would be kind
of cool with that that would be like
doing a trailer for an RPG that you've
made an RPG maker because of course you
did and using you know the Final Fantasy
crystal theme I think I think a lot of
fans and people in the game industry
would take a little bit of umbrage with
that so that was just somewhat shocking
and what's more shocking is that in in
three pages of greenlight comments on
Steam no one's cottoned onto it no one
worked that out that's that's the truly
remarkable thing no one's like really
think I've heard that music somewhere I
guess these are people that have never
I love a hill but there you go
all of the screenshots you're seeing are
all according to the comments they did
call this out they're all stock unity
assets this is all stock unity stuff
which of course is getting more and more
of a thing now on Steam and that
predator simulator I played yesterday I
was told by the commenters that that
entire city and everything in it was a
stock unity asset
there was no original design work
whatsoever so that's just gonna become
more and more of a thing so here we have
a trailer made out of something that was
just bought with a soundtrack of
something that was probably just
downloaded using a YouTube audio Ripper
or something like that because well
that's that's how I get my video game
music to use in videos so yeah good good
I wouldn't pay for it the game I mean